[repo] docs: added concepts to the getting started docs (#1176)
microsoft/teams-ai: getting-started/CONCEPTS/USER-AUTH.md

        settings: {
            graph: {
                connectionName: process.env.OAUTH_CONNECTION_NAME ?? '',
                title: 'Sign in',
                text: 'Please sign in to use the bot.',
            }
        }
    })
    .build();
```

The `adapter` is the configured `BotAdapter` for the application. The second parameter in the `.withAuthentication` is the authentication options. 

The `settings` property is an object of all the different services that the user could be authenticated to, called *connections*. The above example has the `graph` connection which specifies configurations to authenticate the user to Microsoft Graph. The name `graph` is arbitrary and is used when specifying which service to sign the user in and out of.

The `connectionName` property is what you configure in the Azure Bot Resource, see [Configure OAuth connection for your bot resource](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoftteams/platform/bots/how-to/authentication/bot-sso-register-aad?tabs=windows#configure-oauth-connection-for-your-bot-resource).

The `text` property is the titie and the `text` property is the body of the sign in card sent to the user.

### Auto sign in

> With this configuration, the bot will attempt to authenticate the user when they try to interact with it. To control when for which incomming activities the bot should authenticate the user, you can specify configure the auto sign in property in the options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this configuration, the bot will attempt to authenticate the user when they try to interact with it. To control when for which incoming activities the bot should authenticate the user, you can specify configure the auto sign in property in the options.
```

**C#**
```cs
options.AutoSignIn = (ITurnContext turnContext, CancellationToken cancellationToken) =>
 {
     string command = (turnContext.Activity.Value as JObject).Value<string>("commandId");
     bool signOutActivity = command == "signOutCommand";
     if (signOutActivity)
     {
         return Task.FromResult(true);
     }
     return Task.FromResult(false);
 };
```

> **Javascript**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**JavaScript**
```

```ts
.withAuthentication(adapter, {
    // settings: {
    //     graph: {
    //         connectionName: process.env.OAUTH_CONNECTION_NAME ?? '',
    //         title: 'Sign in',
    //         text: 'Please sign in to use the bot.',
    //         endOnInvalidMessage: true
    //     }

>     // },

Reviewer: Why is this commented out?

Author: the focus in this section is the `autoSignIn` feature

Reviewer: The meaning is confusing like this. How about

```
settings: { /* Settings options here... */ }, 
```

That way, the necessity of the options is still apparent but it doesn't clutter up the code example.

    autoSignIn: (context: TurnContext) => {
        const signOutActivity = context.activity?.value.commandId === 'signOutCommand';
        if (signOutActivity) {
            return Promise.resolve(false);
        }

        return Promise.resolve(true);
    }
})
```

> The `autoSignIn` property takes a callback that triggers the sign in flow if it returns true. It depends on the turn context from which the incomming activity details can be extracted. In the above example, the library will not attempt to sign the user in if the incomming activity `commandId` is *"signOutCommand"*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `autoSignIn` property takes a callback that triggers the sign in flow if it returns true. It depends on the turn context from which the incomming activity details can be extracted. In the above example, the library will not attempt to sign the user in if the incoming activity `commandId` is *"signOutCommand"*.
```
Please note spelling 'incoming' :)

This is useful if the user should be signed in by default before attempting to interacting with the bot in general. 

### Manual Sign In

> If the user should only be authenticated in certain scenarios then you can disable auto sign in by having the callback alway return false and trigger authentication manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the user should only be authenticated in certain scenarios, you can disable auto sign in by having the callback always return false and trigger authentication manually.
```

Here's an example of manually triggering sign in flow in an activity or action handler:

**C#**
```cs
string? token = await app.GetTokenOrStartSignInAsync(turnContext, turnState, "graph", cancellationToken);
if (token == null || token.Length == 0)
{
    await turnContext.SendActivityAsync("You have to be signed in to fulfill this request. Starting sign in flow...");
}
```

**Javascript**
```ts
const token = await app.getTokenOrStartSignIn(context, state, 'graph');
if (!token) {
    await context.sendActivity('You have to be signed in to fulfill this request. Starting sign in flow...');
}
```

> The `app.getTokenOrStartSignIn` method will attempt to get the access token if the user is already signed in. Otherwise, the sign in flow will be triggered. The string `'graph'` references the connection name set by the user in the `settings` object of the authentication options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `app.getTokenOrStartSignIn` method will attempt to get the access token if the user is already signed in. Otherwise, the sign in flow will be triggered. The string `'graph'` below references the connection name set by the user in the `settings` object of the authentication options.
```

> If multiple settings are configured then the user can be authenticated into multiple services through the manual triggering of the sign in flow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If multiple settings are configured, then the user can be authenticated into multiple services through the manual triggering of the sign in flow.
```

> **Note:** Once the sign in flow completes the application is NOT redirected back to it's previous task, when triggered from message activity or in action handler. This means that if user authentication is triggered through a message extension, then the same activity will be sent again to the bot after sign in completes. But if sign in is triggered when the incomming activity is a message then the same activitiy will NOT be sent again to the bot after sign in completes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** Once the sign in flow completes when triggered from a message activity or an action handler, the application is NOT redirected back to its previous task. This means that if user authentication is triggered through a message extension, then the same activity will be sent again to the bot after sign in completes. But if sign in is triggered when the incoming activity is a message then the same activity will NOT be sent again to the bot after sign in completes.
```

### Handling sign in success or failure

> To handle the event when the user has signed successfully or failed to sign in simply register corresponding handler:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To handle the event when the user has signed in successfully or failed to sign in, simply register corresponding handler:
```
